.TH FILTER-OVERLAPS 1
.SH NAME    \" Section header
.PP

FILTER-OVERLAPS \- Classify peaks in a BED file according to features in
a GFF

.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.nf 
.na 
filter-overlaps overlaps-file.tsv output-file.tsv feature [feature ...]
.ad
.fi

.SH "PURPOSE"

.B Filter-overlaps
filters the output of peak-classifier(1) for GFF features indicated on the
command-line.

.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Features include all those explicitly named in the GFF as well as introns,
which are computed as regions between the given exons, promoter regions
upstream of the TSS, and intergenic regions that do not map to known
features.

Names of features indicated on the command-line must exactly match those in
the GFF file, or one of the generated feature types "intron", "upstream"
followed by an upstream boundary (representing promoter regions), or
"intergenic", for regions not covered by any explicit or generated features.

Promoter regions present in the peak-classifier output depend on the
peak-classifier command-line parameters.  By default, they include
"upstream1000", "upstream10000", and "upstream100000".

Features are prioritized in the order they are presented on the
command-line and only one overlap is reported in the output.  For example,
if a peak overlaps both an exon and an intron, and the command is as
follows:

.nf
.na
filter-overlaps overlaps.tsv filter-overlaps.tsv intro exon upstream1000
.ad
.fi

then only the overlap with the intron will be reported in the output.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
peak-classifier(1), feature-view(1), MACS2, DESeq2

.SH BUGS
Please report bugs to the author and send patches in unified diff format.
(man diff for more information)

.SH AUTHOR
.nf
.na
J. Bacon
